Speaker 1 | 01:50
He's saying we need to use this calculator to come up with 10,000. We're asking for a 10% of the model resources and stuff. 
So how are you calculating it?
Speaker 2 | 02:02
Yes, I heard you. Hey based on the 500.
Speaker 1 | 02:07
So when you put in all the stuff, what do you get?
Speaker 2 | 02:13
Okay, so right now we are Okay.
Speaker 1 | 02:16
7,000, eight something. You So you have everything you need?
Speaker 2 | 02:24
No, this is our house.
Speaker 1 | 02:30
Everything in front of me will look after the most expensive item so that the total will come out roughly the amount requested.
Speaker 2 | 02:39
All stuff.
Speaker 1 | 02:41
So if it exists, I guess what you're saying is if it exists, by little bits. That is fine.
Speaker 2 | 02:55
A few. Before I get.
Speaker 1 | 02:57
Out of here. Okay. 
So easy, I guess you still need 3,000 more. Okay. This is for six months, right? It doesn't tell you time. You just have to pick the game.
Speaker 2 | 03:13
What they want. No, it doesn't just monthly cost in total for 12.
Speaker 1 | 03:18
Months. This is 12 months. 
Well, we are asking for six. Why are you asking for six? We can get asked for 12 months for the same amount.
Speaker 2 | 03:26
So is this head in stone?
Speaker 1 | 03:30
That's the thing. You really need an ask of six months to heal. I thought six months was what would cost us ten thousand. But it seemed like we could guess moments. I'm sorry I forgot to ask my question because I thought 10,000 was for this experience.
Speaker 2 | 03:47
A lot.
Speaker 1 | 03:52
If we are running machine learning, that's when we're going to probably use up all this stuff.
Speaker 2 | 03:57
Yeah, and I noticed here, Especially for the bedrock, it's awesome. Bye. Interest in stock? We actually have.
Speaker 1 | 04:05
*Humming* So is there-- what else do you want to layer?
Speaker 2 | 04:10
He mentioned some flat stuff that I'm searching that we can add some remote sensors to.
Speaker 1 | 04:18
Can you add that? Okay, so maybe I'll just give you time. You need to give it to me because we have to move fast. If someone is going to give us this amount of money... - Six months, why did we, I never, I thought when you calculated it was 10,000 for six months. But it sounds like we could add for 12 months instead.
Speaker 2 | 04:37
So.
Speaker 1 | 04:38
I guess I just need to rephrase the ask and say, hey, this is actually for a 12-month pilot and not for six months. It was a mistake in the original ask. Thank you. But yeah, I've come up with 10,000. I'm a little bit above. I'll be fine. I think that'll be it. Thank you. 
Yeah. All right. How are we setting on the 500 people?
Speaker 2 | 04:59
Just an estimate.
Speaker 1 | 05:02
Yeah, I think that, come on. Because the thing is, it's probably, they're going to use it simultaneously, right? At one point in time. Then if at some point we start working with INI, And it works out since what are we getting? That's the more people using the platform. 
So I don't know to what extent the enemy feels it wants to use it. So it's just to account for if people leave it running. Had you have this thing that enables the applications, it does if people are not using it, so that way our credits are not just running. That would be a issue. It's only-- when does the credits-- I know that it's how shiny it goes. It just locks you out. Is there a way, because if you go on our site, even if you're not typing, are the credits running?
Speaker 2 | 05:55
.. No question about that.
Speaker 1 | 05:58
We need to figure that out so that we can know what exactly Power, except we were using this credit, and we can kind of save bags. So we don't ask for a sale of 10,000, and then we use it up in a month. 
You see what I mean? So we have to be careful about that.
Speaker 2 | 06:17
Okay.
Speaker 1 | 06:19
Can you specify a start date for the 1/30th of July? I think they just put it in your account and you can use it. - You're missing. Thank you. - When did you.
Speaker 2 | 06:32
Go? - 'Cause that meeting he said, We certainly heard a story in the news. You Thank you.
Speaker 1 | 06:42
From the time we started. But then again, I don't know how they give you the data to use as credits that you can use whenever you want, or is there an expiration date?
Speaker 2 | 06:53
-.
Speaker 1 | 06:57
I'm thinking if they give us four funds and we decide to make it like - Extended to the old 12 months? - Yeah, it's then, but like, before, just a few days before the training, we start using the actual credits they have. In the meantime, we'll be using whatever you guys pay for. What we pay for, how many credits do we have for all.
Speaker 2 | 07:18
The states? We only, right now we're just using the BEM, you know. - Yeah. - So, 100. - Yeah.
Speaker 1 | 07:29
And we're still planning to add all these functionalities. That is probably going to run through something. I don't know. But I just want to know, how many credits do we have right now? 
Like how I rate of usage, that might be insightful to see how long this will even last for. 
Yeah. Yeah, like some kind of trend model. Because I think right now, we're in a sentence class two, and maybe when we will be in the 16th. - Yeah, you see we have a lot of questions about this, that you need to answer.
Speaker 2 | 08:15
Yeah. 
- If you Thank you.
Speaker 1 | 08:29
We can't credit to the left. - What was the second? We don't have anything. 
So you used up a hundred dollars already?
Speaker 2 | 08:41
No Don't know this works But we'll see.
Speaker 1 | 08:47
They're always actually expiration dates. So if they give us credits, there'll be a name. There will be how much expiration date amounts used. 
So we need to tell you when we want it to start, and when we want the expiration date. What an applicable product. Cost Explorer, what is that? Because my usage analysis, is that the same thing? 
Yeah, this is what we need. What's on the bill? Amen. . 
What happened to your notes here? - Is this at the .
Speaker 2 | 09:46
Is a little under the date.
Speaker 1 | 09:48
- What.
Speaker 2 | 09:49
Was it for? I think that we're at the right now, No, that was for the... 
Yeah, the account, the... So once Everything is ready.
Speaker 1 | 10:00
At the end of the month. Well, can you show me the bills, though? Maybe the bill is different for payments. Yeah. Thank you. 
So billing period You're right. So that means 111.
Speaker 2 | 10:17
I'll be tux. Thanks.
Speaker 1 | 10:19
You Did that woman not say at the end of each cycle, that's when they get the gold? During that imposition, they had with that... - Lady from Amazon. - I don't remember. - What was her name? - I can't remember either. But it's kind of a masculine name. Okay, fine. Let's move it. Maybe if we try, how does credits work or the billing of the support? What is waste or what costs the most this much? As if we're asking for them to support us.
Speaker 2 | 10:56
I know that, just been chatting with the chatbot.
Speaker 1 | 11:00
And they're charging us $97 for From when?
Speaker 2 | 11:02
That? I'm not sure how they're breaking it down.
Speaker 1 | 11:06
So this is a recurring monthly charge. So maybe you sign up for AWS or supported. For businesses, maybe that's what the accountants say.
Speaker 2 | 11:17
For the of the app for you. You Yeah, so the one that - You too. -.
Speaker 1 | 11:29
Can you open up the elastic thing and see how much it is?
Speaker 2 | 11:33
- Probably EC2.
Speaker 1 | 11:38
So that, I guess, tells us So this is actually the platform we use in RU50, Linux to the medium. Demand is not ours. Usage quantity to 17 hours. 
So I think that should tell us how long it takes us to do some calculation on here, you know? But you want to be able to capture which one we're using. 
So allocate most of the money. To the one that we are using the most, right? Because if you allocate it to the one we're not using, then we'll end up not using it. 
So it seems like-- but what-- so is this the only room?
Speaker 2 | 12:25
Yeah, I set it up, I don't know why they haven't built it.
Speaker 1 | 12:27
For now-- So now it seems like we're using the elastic load balancing thing.
Speaker 2 | 12:34
So anyway, yeah I'll have to do more. ******* normal. As in your credits. - it all works. I was searching and they do have an option for so we can host our own domain. That was like $12 a year. I think it'll be-- better because some of the Does.
Speaker 1 | 13:00
It have a login now so that people can, well, force a login or do we need to be able to get that functionality?
Speaker 2 | 13:09
.. Yeah, I think we need a domain for that.
Speaker 1 | 13:14
Yeah, let's pay for the domain then, if that's what's needed. Because we can have this online. Once we start paying money, and once they give us any amount, 10,000, I didn't say that. Thank you. For the make sure it goes through, it can be used for the training, for anything else that the NMAP decides and any updates that we are doing because we'll keep doing runs on the platform anyway. 
So I have a question. Do we want to make sure that we create an account without all we can have? Just want to comment, everyone has a password. No, that way you track with using the system, using their password. You can see where I mean. 
So that way, if you want to do something funny, we will not. So people have to create. - Yeah, I think that. For the training, though, maybe not. But after the training, I think when they arrive for the training, maybe they win. One of the . 
Yeah, that's for the training. But after the training, everybody needs to surf on the camp. I think it might be easier . You I'm worried for the pre-test and the training. The pre-test is a couple of months before we get to the training. If we don't have personalized items, it might be an issue. Sense of that at the end. . Thank you. Then it's going to be a temporary universal. 
Yeah. That's the idea of the ideal situation. You don't want to give someone something they can use as a tool. 
Yeah. God. 
So temporal, and then fix. - That was great. You So it seems like you have your work cut out for you. 
So I'd like to have all this before the end of today. So we can send it to anybody. If it's not possible, tomorrow morning still works. But it's really lovely and you appreciate it.
Speaker 2 | 15:12
You.
Speaker 1 | 15:13
Grab it as close as you can. So that's kind of where I stand. 
So I asked you for three things. Let me go back to my notes. Three daily rebels. CPR. 
So they are supposed to deal with the CPR for me.
Speaker 2 | 15:30
That's - Big.
Speaker 1 | 15:32
What we agreed on. -.
Speaker 2 | 15:39
You.
Speaker 1 | 15:41
- A quick question before we start. - Wow, I will not much longer mention.
Speaker 2 | 15:47
Amazon.
Speaker 1 | 15:48
- Amazon.
Speaker 2 | 15:48
Now. So...
Speaker 1 | 15:58
Do you know what time of the day it is?
Speaker 2 | 16:00
Yeah, so the thing is.
Speaker 1 | 16:02
I like this small interface better. Thank you. It's nice pop of color. There you go, being a good designer.
Speaker 2 | 16:14
Okay, so the TPR is An issue when I was testing on AWS. I think we will need that domain.
Speaker 1 | 16:21
Why?
Speaker 2 | 16:23
- Okay, so, cause... Come on, dear. I implemented a temporary fix, but every time you refresh it, Goes back to.
Speaker 1 | 16:33
- Explain the problem. . 
Yeah. Because you will sink in front of people, but you don't understand the world and the.
Speaker 2 | 16:41
Meaning of life. Hello. When you're building, there's development and production. 
So in production, there's a production stage. It works in local host. - Because now, yeah. Outside of all of you. - Thank you. How to use it? How to Set it up in a way that the AWS endpoints can get it. Right. Of current heat. What? It's fairly not okay. Right now, this file is huge, so it takes about 30 seconds or so. Sweet. Bye. But. Was... It's done. OK, I'll show you. I think it's better if I.
Speaker 1 | 17:31
Show you. OK. Then, whilst we were showing us, whilst we were waiting for you to show us, I wanted to have a question. Are you uploading all the TPR data with Osron and Quora and whatever in it?
Speaker 2 | 17:46
Yeah, I mean, it comes as one, right? So I don't think-- That's what they gave us.
Speaker 1 | 17:56
I'm more inclined to separating the data But it's-- It doesn't even matter, because I think This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. Hopefully you set up in a way that Whatever the state receives, whether it's a single datasheet or multiple datasheets with different states, They can pick the state that they want to look for or get.
Speaker 2 | 18:19
Results. Yeah, that's how I've set it up here. - All right, so, After it's done reading through, it summarizes. - To summarize this, I gave him the rubber cover, and I'm here. - This level ripped off. Okay. Data quality And then, so the process looks like this. You choose a state you want to work with. That's a... 
Get into a bit of an issue. Because AWS is struggling to *fart* once you upload it There's a bit of a breakdown between - Yeah. And so it reads it first. 
And then there's a bit of an issue because now it's - Business. Because we are on this. - Hey Steve. Normal upload, but just this Keep your data that the workflow because I built it to be more than outside the normal risk analysis workflow. - Right, and now this. TBR worked for a while. I hope you see a little more shape of - Join the internet and connect to normal web flow. 
So there's a breakdown in that branch. That I am creating. 
Jordan is the Modulation was separate. Compared to the normal web cloud. 
So, like, join in. Where there's an issue. Okay. With AWS. Right. Right now there. Normal analysis works.- Right. You will now run your risk analysis, get your rankings, and then query your results. What? Okay. Get in this and then joining it. For the spring. Just minute.
Speaker 1 | 20:47
A Just a minute. Whatever you bring to Anam. 
So it's not visible engine.
Speaker 2 | 20:53
To the computational Yeah, so... Yeah, that's-- it's a-- I've written about it. It shouldn't take... Not much because I already have the... We coded and just instead of branch is integrated into the main. To the main workflow now.
Speaker 1 | 21:16
Yeah, because in my mind I'm like, if I think of you probably just want to create that function to be imported into the main thing whenever somebody clicks on TPS, right? So it's like Click on this, import this function and pass it through this pipeline.
Speaker 2 | 21:37
So that word.
Speaker 1 | 21:38
It doesn't mean it is easy from what you described, because you said we need a domain name for.
Speaker 2 | 21:43
Why? This guy knows this. Right.
Speaker 1 | 21:56
I see. So this and that, but then, What you need to do, I don't know how five percent... I'll go this way. Thank you. Thank you. Connected to the main thing such that click this button, the way I would set it up in Chinese, anytime I click this button, import this function and then pass this function through this pipeline. Don't do anything about this one. 
So it's an if else, right? If this button, import this function, run this analysis. If this other button, import this other function, and then the thing that spit out results, that is producing the output separate. You can put it all back, I have a follow-up question with the analysis once it's done, right?
Speaker 2 | 22:45
That's the problem. - Yeah, yes.
Speaker 1 | 22:52
Does it write anything file?
Speaker 2 | 22:56
So the general report of You're posting now.
Speaker 1 | 23:01
So that I'm clear that you understood what I asked.
Speaker 2 | 23:05
Can you scroll now? No, we'll get started.
Speaker 1 | 23:09
I had-- this is another thing. So I'm asking about the TPR analysis if it's-- - Right to file.
Speaker 2 | 23:17
Anything. - Yes, so you get, In the end, You're supposed to have The analysis itself. 
And then did it. And see as we can share for them. 
So you get some kind of ready things.
Speaker 1 | 23:35
Does it generate a report for the TPR analysis?
Speaker 2 | 23:40
Or just the data.
Speaker 1 | 23:43
But you want their questions.
Speaker 2 | 23:47
I'm going to take a break and then I'll be back. I'm going to go ahead and get it.
Speaker 1 | 23:49
Yeah, because if you have generated a report, you would assume that whatever analysis is being conducted, that generated report works for any of the.
Speaker 2 | 23:56
Analyses. Thank you. Right now it's only set up for at the end when you get your round things.
Speaker 1 | 24:04
Yeah, but it seems like it's better they walk through it and not speak to each other.
Speaker 2 | 24:09
Yeah, that's because the TPR are built in I studied it after what's already set Yeah, I feel to connect but...
Speaker 1 | 24:09
A good idea. Why? Up. But isn't it just a matter of taking important function into your main workflow?
Speaker 2 | 24:24
Yes. Need to do that connection.
Speaker 1 | 24:28
So basically what you are telling me is you're going to demo it, but you're going to demo it in a different way than we had expected.
Speaker 2 | 24:34
No, she'll wait for us after the teacher will come. It fits right into the... 
Yeah, this part. Yeah, so you wouldn't have to... You can just come and get some more.
Speaker 1 | 24:45
So let's see what will happen if you walk me through it. Not that you said it works within the main analysis, right?
Speaker 2 | 24:55
- What just? Yeah.
Speaker 1 | 24:58
So you said you have to go to the data to fix. Right now.
Speaker 2 | 25:02
Right? Yes, so once, let's say, you upload any data, just upload it for CAL.
Speaker 1 | 25:10
But I still want to do the TPR analysis first to see what my result for TPR is.
Speaker 2 | 25:16
No.
Speaker 1 | 25:19
I think I can clarify. The application works when we're using the alternative method, right? But the CT analysis on its own is a stand-alone at the moment. 
So I can't even do the TPR analysis, but I can only do the TPR when they rescore.
Speaker 2 | 25:41
It. Yeah, so I'm working on it. That'll be done. We're going to have to connect it. 
So after your analysis is done, your super analysis is done, you have your CSV and shapefile. Uploaded, it will connect to the main pipeline. 
So... Previously, it was That was too heavy.
Speaker 1 | 26:09
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 26:10
Yeah, that's... So I guess greater dis-.. You can... Put your variable distribution, check data quality. 
So if you just wanna check.
Speaker 1 | 26:25
So.
Speaker 2 | 26:28
The way we've set up our thing, We're outside of the.
Speaker 1 | 26:32
Main-- But can we, first of all, before you show that, can you tell me what is the plan? - Okay. Hello. I expect - You have to be.
Speaker 2 | 26:42
Ready. Thank you. What's-- - Outside of the book. Just make sure.
Speaker 1 | 26:50
That I can schedule a call with you tomorrow. It would be nice to have you ready for our demo tomorrow. - We're having a meeting. Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker 2 | 27:16
One thing I have noticed when building is outside of our - So that we, This is critical. Wait. 
Right? - A bit unpredictable, right? The Yeah. 
So this just... Taking a visit data quality So here, just I just gave a structure about the element. 
Over here. ... Your data. Thank you. Summarizes it, basically. Your health indicators, your environmental factors. My fight is.
Speaker 1 | 28:04
So hold on. So what changes you made is you tell me exactly the changes that were made now. You said it's less wordy but I can't say much.
Speaker 2 | 28:15
More. Now, I mean, it was doing a lot of checking the data quality. Okay. And I had to report back on the key stats.
Speaker 1 | 28:28
- Okay, is this why we received the preamble of saying, "Elements are unpredictable"?
Speaker 2 | 28:35
Yeah, so you have to give it a bit of structure. So for example.
Speaker 1 | 28:41
I mean-- Yeah, well, this is a lot of stuff - Sure. If it said Check data quality. Check if your datasets have swap missing values. No duplicate. Swap missing values for what variable?
Speaker 2 | 28:57
I'm not sure.
Speaker 1 | 28:58
Which one it is. You see? It's missing the context. In geographic units across your study area But then you want it to have context. 
So what is my study area?
Speaker 2 | 29:13
So what that is, you kind of-- - Courage now, 'cause if we decide to do it, That was the idea, to.
Speaker 1 | 29:20
Be more work, correct? Yeah. 
Well, I like that you're trying to implement it. I just want you to contextualize it a little bit more. 
You see, so if you go up to the-- sorry. I see. 
So colors with missing values.
Speaker 2 | 29:35
The idea is For you to query, because if we decide to give, it will become...
Speaker 1 | 29:42
Yeah. But if you go to the top, I think for me, I feel like people learn in trees. 
So people have perceptions. Minimize what you're giving to the person in three sections. If you scroll down, you see that it has four. And this is a lot of information. Do we really need this? Your data quality is excellent. You can now, would you like me to, you see what I mean? You can say, run data quality check. It tells you what is found. 
And then you can say, I can provide more details. Would you like me to do that? On the quality of your data and what next steps should look like. 
So try, you see anything that looks, you know, excessively wordy or verbose like this, avoid.
Speaker 2 | 30:30
And then another issue - Thank you.
Speaker 1 | 30:33
Yeah. - No, space in it. - No, space in it. - That is something, but I think this, condensing to do more. Columns with missing data. 
So this is nice. I didn't even know you could do that. I love that.
Speaker 2 | 30:53
Yeah, right now I'll call it. Stuff like this. The.
Speaker 1 | 31:04
Can you ask it which particular word has missing values? You in housing quality and settlement type.
Speaker 2 | 31:23
Say it again.
Speaker 1 | 31:24
What words have missing values for housing quality.
Speaker 2 | 31:29
Okay.
Speaker 1 | 31:31
And set them in time. And can you visualize it? Because I'd like to see that.
Speaker 2 | 31:40
Let's see.
Speaker 1 | 31:47
But you want to show him up, no? I'm not asking about location.
Speaker 2 | 31:52
Okay.
Speaker 1 | 31:56
What? You don't actually expect it to know that it is a problem. Because when you say what words, you want it to know. I think-- Hey. - but I know what the words are unless you put it on a map for them. Thank you. 
You see what I mean? If I ask you what words are missing, You tell me, " it's Abra, Catabra, this one, the other one." I wouldn't know unless you show me on the map. You would have to show it in the map. But I think I like where the direction this is going. I know it's moving perfectly. But I'm kind of giving you a point that it is about communication. How do you communicate things in a way that allows people to get it? Okay, so it says It's asking if you want to-- it wants us for something, I think. But this is the answer that I expected from the question. The talk was not the entire summarization that's happening below.
Speaker 2 | 33:06
Okay, so I guess... There's... Showing first five and then this was our.
Speaker 1 | 33:12
I think it's doing it one other way, asking it to go this way. But what words have missing data? Can you ask it to make a map? - You're the only one who is doing it. 
Yeah, Neil is showing the word "map" or the... With the missing data, right? Because that's what we have told it. 
So statement type thing, you know.
Speaker 2 | 33:36
That's basically a variable distribution of the.
Speaker 1 | 33:40
Yeah, but you have to remember how are the people going to interact with this. If someone is working with this, the next question I can imagine is, Can you just show me the map of housing quality and settlement type so I can assess? And see which words actually have been seen in the condama. That's how I went to the office. That's the most natural way. 
Yeah. I say, okay, now let's go back and study the analysis again. Okay. So, well, you know.
Speaker 2 | 34:14
Yes, was it No, man.
Speaker 1 | 34:15
That he has not analysed the data in the background? But it should automatically do that. Then we produce giving you results from that right and - What was that?
Speaker 2 | 34:29
Yes, but then don't be one... Okay.
Speaker 1 | 34:34
Because you continue to.
Speaker 2 | 34:35
Not feel it. Now, isn't the idea is to-- - Yeah. - So you have a question, you ask it. - But remember people.
Speaker 1 | 34:44
Ask for ideas. One performance time to produce. It was parodic, they're not sequence like. I know, personally, my topics. - well. - There you go.
Speaker 2 | 35:02
So I guess you have to I think right now, Everyone. Do it.
Speaker 1 | 35:14
Yeah, that's fine! Because that's exactly what I'm trying to get you to do that. People want to interact with it as they are interacting with a human. And in this case it has spotted them but does it show us the places they have met in the area?
Speaker 2 | 35:28
I think. Yeah, I think
Speaker 1 | 35:31
For the white ones, go down and see what the scale looks like below. Where is it missing? 
Yeah, it should say, this is where it's missing.
Speaker 2 | 35:42
Yeah, it's... Right now I just posted the distribution. I think In the settlement data, we have know.
Speaker 1 | 35:47
The area is about... So all the yellow is what? One, settlement one? What's one? 
Yeah, what's this one?
Speaker 2 | 35:57
What kind of little, yes, numbers.
Speaker 1 | 35:59
- Whoa, cool. - How do I assemble four settlement types?
Speaker 2 | 36:03
I'm not sure, it was just the data.
Speaker 1 | 36:07
How did you get to find that? This is kind of poor settlement type. 
Yeah, the poor. One is for, based on what I remember when I did Carnal for World. ASTMH that time. You So most of them are going to be one? 
Yeah. But then I'm curious about the missingness. The NA, where is that NA? That's where I want to see it in the mail.
Speaker 2 | 36:37
Okay, so you wanted to actually, because the way we set it up is interactive, so you will have to...
Speaker 1 | 36:43
- So that white is an N-A. - Is there a way to have it have voice now? Because this is a kind of one voice. I know, it sounds crazy, but I can totally see who is saying, "I don't understand." And this is where someone explaining, I can tell you what you're showing here. I know, for me it's easy. But think about someone that-- Yeah, someone that figured out what the N.A. Is. 
Yeah, and then there's no legend for any, no legend for missing. You need to let it... Because you're using-- you're coding it up as continuous, right? When you go about continuous, it doesn't give you any legend. - What else? - Or missing legend. Did it already fill up the missingness or it The white page will be missing.
Speaker 2 | 37:38
Hasn't yet? No, we only do that once. My face is missing. Come again? 
Some.
Speaker 1 | 37:48
Wine, for example, down in the country. OK. That's-- yeah, the wine is something. - In this angle? - Yeah. There's some white patches. - Yeah. 
Yeah. - So this is a missing one. But why doesn't it even level and say, - The map is continuous, and it doesn't recognize me. But wouldn't it write the name of the map? Because if you move here, you won't see it says that. I think it's dropping. You call it a drop, it's dropping. To drop names, if it's any?
Speaker 2 | 38:29
Yeah, it doesn't count So we have.
Speaker 1 | 38:30
Names. One second. We, you don't mind continuous mode as we can, you can point out, because we have created a legend, a dual legend, one that for the continuous, all the variables and one. You can do that in that way. - Yeah, it doesn't matter to me. 
Yeah. Thank you.
Speaker 2 | 38:58
OK. So something I was trying, right? 
Yeah. Or not... 
So there's a lot of packages that you need.
Speaker 1 | 39:10
Can you add voice to these special maps? So that's the question I have. Not with everything, but whenever you show a map to explain this pattern.
Speaker 2 | 39:19
That's the idea of this visual experiment. So you're supposed to look at it Being what you seem. - boy. - Fine. But there's some I think it's... - Learning story six. - ******* the words. But the idea is that if you click on explain, and visualization. Thanks. Take a screenshot. Sensei Tsu. Open the ID if you have. LLM and then you greet it. 
And then it gives you... It goes like... It goes like this. -.
Speaker 1 | 40:07
- Image analysis, I wonder if we can add voice. Can you add that to your research? For image analysis voice only? OK. Because people are just terrible with maps and plots, in general. And reading. Because me, I'm getting headaches from the other thing, that's popping shadows.
Speaker 2 | 40:25
Like noise in the.
Speaker 1 | 40:27
And you've been standing with words, but now I feel like you're twitching. No, I think it's just if it reduces the amount of content that is created and then from the person if they want more. 
So much more summarized.
Speaker 2 | 40:40
Do we need distribution statistics for this variable?
Speaker 1 | 40:45
But it was average is this, range is this, median is this. I've created a show that shows the visualization. It doesn't need to tell me next steps. It can say, I can suggest next steps. Do you want me to do that? - Yeah, this next bit's chemical. 
Yeah, and even consider local context. If you have the first spreader with an average value, likely urban is-- yeah. - It's not true, again, that's something I want to read. This data is saying, this explanation is saying that if it's 100, it's over. But that's not true. 
So the question is, how do we make sure that when you upload a data set, that there is context incorporated in the variable definition? So that's going to be a problem. - So it then calmed. 
So if they're using the data that can be extracted and the way they set it up, can you not edit in the content? Like the variables might go on type, this is what it was.
Speaker 2 | 41:49
Probably have to have food. - Wearables and.
Speaker 1 | 41:53
If it's sensitive. All the variables need to be I could any though this is the definition this is what does Otherwise, they are going to struggle.
Speaker 2 | 42:07
What the...
Speaker 1 | 42:08
You saw me first. Forgotten, but was . 
So that is more like the contextual thing. You add more context.
Speaker 2 | 42:18
It's probably where the idea of rag will probably come in later.
Speaker 1 | 42:24
But you should come in soon because we need to have something.
Speaker 2 | 42:27
Yeah, quick look on this hot credit for now.
Speaker 1 | 42:32
But then you say it. We thrive, what we need to add, because it feels like We cannot this one, but this one comes with a fresh data set. 
Yeah, that would be an issue. It seems like the person needs to tell them the program, what exactly is in my data. You But then we anticipate that happening. Do we anticipate people bringing their data to this? If it's for Nigerians, I'm not sure they're not planning to. From what I've seen, they just don't want to be bothered. They want us to give them everything. 
So if that is the case, then I think just hard coding it is fine for now. We don't have to worry about RAD. Okay. 
So I think-- well, almost ready now. We have seven minutes. What can we demo? Can you walk me through what we can do? Bye.
Speaker 2 | 43:27
Okay, so we have demo on fighting. Keep your arm. Get your analysis, get your data. -.
Speaker 1 | 43:34
Remember, these people have no background in malaria. He's a-- People that have Bible and innovation, but not in malaria. 
So you need to tell them why is this important? What is the selling point? What problem is this solving that no other? And software is solving. 
So over to you, send it. *laughs*.
Speaker 2 | 43:58
Okay, so yeah. Thanks. - I know my friend will probably be in the You do... Minimum work. F*** Just keep all your fingers up to the end. - TPO data.
Speaker 1 | 44:16
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 44:18
Yeah, no, this is...
Speaker 1 | 44:20
What are you laughing at? This is serious. You are trying to get funding and you can't tell me. I'm trying to beg to tell because that's not even context. You just want to throw it to the people. I know, that's the thing. Let's start from the beginning. Context. Refresh this, start with a background, tell us about this app. Dylan, before you start doing the demo, tell us about the app. Because you couldn't do anything talking. I will talk, but I want you to be able to, because remember, You're going to have to sell this when you go to find a job. If I have a conversation with Dima, He will want to have a conversation with you. What is the selling point? Sell it!.
Speaker 2 | 45:05
Okay, so basically This is a platform. There's a platform for risk analysis. This platform will help you We have data for all the help... Resources. 
So this platform. You - Yeah, thanks by all that you mean the most. - How cliche is that? We'll do that all for you, we'll rank the words for you based on copper size, chlorine and PC analysis. We'll rank the words and we'll tell you exactly the places to go to distribute your resources, in this case ITNs.
Speaker 1 | 46:02
Remember, people don't know what is ITNs. Bed.
Speaker 2 | 46:05
Nets. So in essence we are helping you spend your money wisely because now we will tell you.
Speaker 1 | 46:14
We are sending to Dima. We are helping him.
Speaker 2 | 46:17
Murder. Okay. Thank you. - It will help you Man ideas. Resource optimization will help you Identify and pinpoint exactly the places that need our attention the most. You.
Speaker 1 | 46:40
So let me go to the end. Welcome. Thank you. In the global health space. Currently. Yes, limitations and funding. You say there's one completely or almost completely eradicated or removed, you see, it's no longer functioning. 
So what that means is that malaria programs, including several global health programs, have very high supporters. Most programs are no longer going to be funded, and for those that are going to be funded, it needs to be efficient. The targeting of interventions needs to be effective. The problem oftentimes is that the data that is available for analysis is often messy and requires advanced computational skills or analytical skills to be able to make sense of that data. What this? That MRBT offers is that it provides malaria program officers with a platform where they can analyze their data with limited statistical proficiency. 
So which allows them not only to make better decisions, but it allows them to allocate their resources effectively and efficiently. We have within this tool a number of methodologies that enable them to be able to do the analysis. One is based on the composite scoring methodology and on the principal component analysis methodology. These methodologies are easy to understand, which is why we've embedded them into this platform. 
So, such that even with limited technical proficiency, they're able to understand the ideas behind risk, malaria risk assessment. So I'm going to then move forward and demonstrate to you how a user will use this tool and what sort of outputs they would see. 
And then you can start to play. You see the difference? That conviction is to see the end.
Speaker 2 | 48:28
That's good, that's very.
Speaker 1 | 48:29
Good. And I, yeah, and this is without practice. I need you to start... - It seems like it matters to you. -! - That is the tool that will get you the money. OK. 
So I'm giving you a background. Show me how would they use this?
Speaker 2 | 48:50
So... Yes, so we've designed the platform to be Basically, we have a chat area and all the other people I think. Your questions are all in it'll Good hope. We have been Avoided including any Additional buttons or icons that will throw you off the game. Thank you for watching. You That's all you have to do, yes. Click on your after files button here. And you will then have to-- so we have three tabs, basically, for standard upload if you have your CSV and your continue.
Speaker 1 | 49:30
Shapefile. What kind of data is in the CSV? Explain. Give context. Context. Context. All right.
Speaker 2 | 49:37
So the CSV basically contains your environmental factors variables and your demographic variables. As long as it identifies your ward names and your ward codes.
Speaker 1 | 49:49
For districts, most people don't know what is ward, but go on.
Speaker 2 | 49:53
And then the ship valve is the Basically the boundaries of your walls so that when We went through the process. Able to plot these areas and see exactly.
Speaker 1 | 50:07
Where-- - But there's no asking people don't know how to get these files, they don't know where to get the data. So you are making an assumption here. Let me say the other side for case that these people know how to pull together the files. How are you going to overcome that challenge? You're already saying they don't even know how to do it.
Speaker 2 | 50:26
*Gunshot* Just in case you don't have this. In the data we've implemented another functionality in our tool. All you need is your TPR, we need to get that out.
Speaker 1 | 50:40
- Why are you laughing? - He is campaigning for the race that, if they don't have data, I'm sure you guys have, you think you don't have environmental, right? - Yeah. - But I'm sure you guys have TPR, so no more credit. - Well, you see that the selling point of this would be, if you don't have data. But you have the test positivity rate data, which typically the program is able to give to individual states. We are creating within this tool a database that seamlessly pulls the environmental and other covariate data and can match that with your test positivity data to generate the composite scores. But you've not implemented that database yet, right? That allows them to not bring any data.
Speaker 2 | 51:31
So, it is.
Speaker 1 | 51:33
So... So, so how does that... I've not seen it.
Speaker 2 | 51:35
Yeah, it's all in the... Yeah, in the back end.
Speaker 1 | 51:39
So in the end. So it only works with the CPR thing. Doesn't work. If you upload your date, if you... Okay, I see it now. 
So there are two ways to work with this tool. You can come with your data, or if you don't have your data, you have to have at least the test positivity data for your states. If you bring the test positivity data for your states, we can provide you with all the other covariates. Based off of the location and based off of publicly available, environmental and other covariate data. 
Right? That's how you fucking sell it! Whoa. ...to do more demonstrations. Because otherwise you won't know how to sell this thing. 
So I think for that demo, what is then clear to me here is for that demo, you need to have that TPR working to show that we can always have it at least works. And then you show them the complete process of, okay, let's say you have your data. This is what happens. Let's say you don't have data. This is what happens. This is the output that, you know, you can interact with the tools. If you are unstructured, but if you want to follow the structured process, This is how the tool will guide you to conduct the analysis. You need to be able to show that logic. Of how you're thinking about this. Otherwise, this is going to be a mess. - I think I'm on the seventh one for this class, when you mentioned that this is a more sensitive. - What is that? Innovation, programmatic people. One used to work for USAID, the other person worked for What's this? CDC. 
So they are actually working as coaches with rent and entropy. If your app or whatever you're building works out, either they can support you with contacts to other philanthropic organizations, which you can suggest an incubator or you can... 
So, These are not very technical people, but you need to be able to speak the language that And I think that's the problem that people have, is you struggle to be able to communicate. This is what the book is. I needed to do that. I don't want to be in the hospital. You're going to be with them and then I have to be like, can you show them this? It's a salad. 
So I would say make some slides. Maybe that will help you structure your thinking. Thank you. These are the things I'm going to demo. Maybe put some pictures in the slides. For yourself, not for them, and then structure your thinking that way so that once you just Okay. But I think the selling point, too, is when you start showing that interactivity, and you say we have tried to take into account the principles of human-computer interaction, making sure that we don't... Overload them with textual information, providing them with the ability to interact, to obtain more information as they proceed. This map we have embedded within the maps an ability, if your AI stuff is working, to analyze the maps and we are working towards embedding voice functionality to explain what is within the map. You don't have to do a practice before you can take over the program. It feels like you need to...
Speaker 2 | 55:27
- There's Nate. -.
Speaker 1 | 55:27
Yeah. - 'Cause I think this will prepare you as you're going into the job market. - That could be between another person. It will not even be skilled because maybe you're only just marginally better than this person. But the person is better than you in communication, they will get that job. 
So you need to up that communication. You need to be able to speak the language people can understand. Recruiters don't really understand technical things. 
So you need to sell to that recruiter, that's number one. Then if you're talking to the manager might not have context on malaria, but he will understand the technical details of building an LLM, right? But you need to tell him, why is this important? How have I thought about this problem in a way that is unique and innovative, that makes what I have done? Stand out and that you can replicate for their company if you are working for them. Because if you can't display the uniqueness and innovativeness, why would he want to hire you? 
So, see this as preparation for that job market. If you eventually go to get the job, or for the PhD if you're going to speak to Dima. I've been selling you, but there's only so much I can sell you. You have to ultimately sell yourself. 
So think about it. But I have to go. I think this is waiting for me. - Out, head, through. Ewww. - The demo. Thank you. From 10 to 14, you know, you might be able to be ready. 
So let's do a demo for your presentation, I mean, in presentation practice on Wednesday. Bye. My God. - we don't have any days to though.
Speaker 2 | 57:06
Do this.
Speaker 1 | 57:08
- Thursday. - Thursday, I'm from 9:00 to 9:00 a.m. - Thursday. - Yeah. Okay, so that's the 9:00 a.m. Presentation practice. To get started getting into the presentation. It's just that some of the things are IP, and if we use that for them, it will help. - I need to be careful. But I think maybe some team meetings. We need to use team meetings. 
Yeah. Because I'm talking to a . I don't know the methodology. 
So maybe we need a team meeting session where we just fix things, technical. Get used to talking and thinking on your feet. I think that's what I-- I don't want you to have a case of me. I want you to interview a person, whatever, for a new life. Tell this to me. And that was it. I looked at it and I blanked out. Bye. The good thing it was a working job. It was mine to start with. I just needed to out here. 
So you don't want that case. You need to talk more. 
Yeah, I think so too. I think we've been putting you-- making you the software engineer in the back room that doesn't speak to anybody. Either you're doing course masters or looking for places where you're doing prompt to speaking. And I have faced it more in Chicago. And I've seen people not having the communication skills, they track everything they are doing, and put them on the path to failure, basically. If you don't you can be as good as but if you can say what you did or describe it or sell it people will not care. 
So you need to work on that. Bye guys. 
- Hello.
Speaker 2 | 59:56
Thank you. Where did he get them?
Speaker 1 | 01:00:02
Thank you.
Speaker 2 | 01:00:37
Station out of the area.
Speaker 1 | 01:00:40
You want stationary? I mean just... 
Like.
Speaker 2 | 01:00:43
- - Maybe someone.
Speaker 1 | 01:00:46
Okay, so you're not- - Ready for it? Writing pad and pens. Okay. And Phoenix. Okay, I'll bring those to you.
